SPEAKER_2: How are you doing, Hadassah?
SPEAKER_1: Very well.
How are you?
SPEAKER_2: Doing very well.
Thank you for asking.
Hadassah, are you at least 18 and are you a believer?
SPEAKER_1: Yes and yes.
I'm 42 actually.
SPEAKER_2: And you believe in some kind of a god?
In Jesus, yes.
Cool.
What would be the best evidence or the best argument for the Christian god being real?
SPEAKER_1: The best evidence would be the believers.
SPEAKER_2: Tell me how because the New Testament says that the believers are going to behave a particular
way and that we should know, Christians should be different from non-Christians but I don't
see much of a difference.
Well, it's been 2,000 years.
A lot happens in 2,000 years.
So?
I mean, are you aware of the end times theology at all?
I'm quite aware but that doesn't actually address what I was saying.
The New Testament says that Christians are going to behave a particular way, right?
Do you believe that the Holy Spirit makes people a new creature?
SPEAKER_1: I do.
SPEAKER_2: Do you think that people that are new creatures in Christ are going to behave the same as
non-Christians?
No, they're not.
Okay.
So they are going to behave slightly differently.
And what sort of behaviors would I expect from Christianity that I wouldn't expect from
non-Christians?
SPEAKER_1: Humility for one and that's a big one.
SPEAKER_2: Okay.
Hold on.
Let me mark this down real quick.
I want to make sure I don't want to forget these bullet points.
So, number one, Christians should have humility.
Okay.
Anything else?
What else?
SPEAKER_1: I mean, right now, that's the one that can't be mimicked as well as the others.
SPEAKER_2: Sure.
Yeah.
But what are the others?
I mean, let's see.
SPEAKER_1: I mean, in this day and age, like I say, most things can be mimicked.
Most people know the gospel knowledge to the degree that they know it.
And they like it, you know, everybody agrees that it's peaceful, X, Y, Z, blah, blah,
blah.
SPEAKER_2: Right.
So what other characteristics would I expect from the Christians?
SPEAKER_1: You're going to expect them to make better decisions.
Like how so?
SPEAKER_2: Quicker.
Oh, like they're going to be smarter.
They're going to have wisdom because they have chosen to use a map rather than navigate
SPEAKER_1: their own way.
SPEAKER_2: Okay.
So Christians should be more intelligent than non-Christians?
They are more intelligent than non-Christians.
They are.
Okay.
So just make sure we're checking this off.
So point number one, Christians are going to be humble.
Point number two, they're going to be smarter than Christians or non-Christians.
Right.
Okay.
Anything else?
I don't know.
I mean, what else is there?
You know the rest of it.
I'm asking you.
SPEAKER_1: I'm trying to pick things that wouldn't normally be noticed because you seem lost particularly
SPEAKER_2: about it.
I mean, you could just tell me what the Bible says.
What does the Bible say Christians are going to be like?
Is that because that's the only text that you know?
So we should stick to the text?
Why don't you tell them?
You can make stuff up if you want.
Listen, if you think there are other characteristics.
SPEAKER_1: I might be able to.
Would you be able to hang with the argument if I made stuff up right now?
SPEAKER_2: Probably not.
I'm certain I can hang with any argument that you lay out.
SPEAKER_1: Okay.
SPEAKER_2: Hadassah, remember, you're supposed to be humble.
So don't.
SPEAKER_1: Yeah.
Don't.
Okay.
I can see through you.
Hadassah.
So no, you're not going to use that shit as a leash.
SPEAKER_2: You gaslighting asshole.
Don't counteract.
Oh, there it is.
SPEAKER_1: Okay.
Don't what?
There it is what?
Point number one.
Calling you out.
Point number one is humility.
SPEAKER_2: Humility.
SPEAKER_1: Humility.
Do you have humility?
SPEAKER_2: See, you wouldn't know humility with both your hands, bro.
SPEAKER_1: That's what you said.
You don't know it.
Do you know what humility means?
You don't know what humility...
No, you don't know what it is.
It's crazy that...
You don't know what it is.
SPEAKER_2: It's crazy that we started this conversation by me simply asking you a few questions.
SPEAKER_1: Yeah, and you and your fake ass...
SPEAKER_2: We started this conversation by me merely just asking you a couple questions.
SPEAKER_1: And I always get muted.
SPEAKER_2: We started the conversation by just asking a couple simple questions.
I haven't even engaged in any argumentation yet, and you're already upset calling me an
asshole.
Did I say something to you?
Yes, you did.
What did I say?
You're full of shit.
What did I say to you?
Everyone here knows it and feels it, and you're acting like an asshole.
I don't care about your stupid trophies.
SPEAKER_1: I know better than that.
There's that humility and love of Christ.
SPEAKER_2: I know better.
SPEAKER_1: Yeah, this is the love of Christ right here.
Do you know what the Dunning-
How would you know?
SPEAKER_2: Do you know what the Dunning-Kruger effect is?
SPEAKER_1: Yeah, it's some shit that used to be called something else, and then they named it after
some dude...
I'm old enough to remember when they just fucking called it whatever the fuck they called
it, common sense or whatever the fuck.
SPEAKER_2: What is it?
What's the Dunning-Kruger effect?
SPEAKER_1: Just give it to me, my guy.
You said you know what it is.
I don't sit in front of Google memorizing the definitions of things so people think
I'm smart.
So why don't you give us that?
SPEAKER_2: Well, first of all, you said-
If you don't know what it is, you should have said that you don't know what it is because
that would mean-
That's what you think smartness is?
So that means you would actually be humble, right?
You said Christians are going to be more humble than non-Christians, which means if you're
being humble, humble people don't claim to know things that they don't actually know.
So what we've discovered so far is that you're not humble.
You're a phony.
Because you said that you knew what the Dunning-Kruger effect is, but now you're telling me that
you don't actually know what the Dunning-Kruger effect is.
So-
SPEAKER_1: I do.
You know what it is.
SPEAKER_2: Okay.
Okay.
What is it?
Tell me then.
I've heard of it.
What is it?
Is that supposed to prove whether I know what it is or not?
Yeah.
If you say you know what something is-
I'm 42 years old, bro.
I got a master's degree.
I got a lot of shit in here.
SPEAKER_1: I'm sure you do.
So just save us some time, my guy.
So you should be able to-
Why don't you graciously save us some time?
SPEAKER_2: So you should be able to tell me what the Dunning-Kruger effect is.
SPEAKER_1: Graciously save us some time.
I know you're looking right at it, so why don't you graciously save us some time?
SPEAKER_2: I'm waiting for you to save time because you said you already know what it is.
I do know what it is.
Sure.
Then what is it?
I've watched YouTube before.
I looked at it.
SPEAKER_1: I did that of my own volition.
I didn't hear about it and then said, oh, I better make sure I know about it.
So what is it?
I actually was interested in that shit.
SPEAKER_2: I don't know what it is, but I do know what it is, so why don't you graciously save us
some time?
I did that of my own volition.
SPEAKER_1: I did that of my own volition.
SPEAKER_2: You didn't look it up, so you don't know what the Dunning-Kruger effect is.
SPEAKER_1: My guy, my guy.
It's just one of many things to know that we could Google.
You could be Googling it right now.
SPEAKER_2: You're just trying to make me look weird.
I'm making myself look weird.
Just save your time and look the fuck up.
If you don't know what it is, you should've said you don't know.
I know what the Dunning-Kruger effect is.
SPEAKER_1: I'm 42 years old.
I pick and choose what shit I need to save in my brain.
SPEAKER_2: I just remember the conclusion.
I remember the conclusion I drew about it,
which is what the fuck?
SPEAKER_1: Why are they trying to name old shit after some guy
and make it seem like it's some new ass information?
SPEAKER_2: That's not at all what it sounds.
I just, that's, I just, that's what I remember
reacting about it when I heard about it.
Do you even know what the principle
of the Dunning-Kruger effect is?
Just fucking tell us, bro.
It's just a Google.
It's just two sentences, tops.
You're a prophet.
All you have to do is ask your god.
Refresh my memory.
No, that's not how it works, bro.
SPEAKER_1: Do you know or do you, do you know or not?
I don't remember.
How about that?
SPEAKER_2: So then you don't know.
You should have said you don't know.
SPEAKER_1: That wouldn't be true.
That would be a lie.
SPEAKER_2: It would be a lie.
You haven't demonstrated that so far, though.
What you've demonstrated is that you're a liar.
Because you haven't moved the conversation on.
So the Dunning-Kruger effect.
SPEAKER_1: I think people can tell who's the,
who the dumbass is and who isn't.
SPEAKER_2: Yeah, you got that right.
The people can certainly tell.
Because I'm pissed off and I'm still,
SPEAKER_1: I'm still dominating.
SPEAKER_2: I know you are so pissed right now.
SPEAKER_1: So the Dunning-Kruger effect.
Yeah, I am pissed and I'm still dominating.
SPEAKER_2: Not even close.
So the Dunning-Kruger. Continue.
So the Dunning-Kruger effect is something
that we find in psychology where people
that are the least equipped and the least educated
and the least knowledgeable in particular subjects
actually believe that they're more knowledgeable,
more capable when it's actually not true.
Because as it turns out, the people who know the least
or more likely to believe that they know
more than they actually know,
because they're not actually aware
of the things that they don't know.
They're so delightfully unaware of what they don't know
that they think because they've learned a couple things
that they actually know a lot.
When in reality, the people who do get PhDs,
the people who do learn a lot,
the people that do excel greatly
actually start to underestimate how much they know.
It's a really fun thing that happens in psychology.
So when people come up here
and they claim to know a whole lot,
and I sense that maybe they don't,
I just ask them simple questions to find out
if they know as much as they claim,
which is why I'm asking you questions.
I want to test you.
You're claiming that you're really smart.
I just wanna know if you are.
Okay, well, you could have just asked me
SPEAKER_1: what my credentials are.
Sure, what are your credentials?
Masters, excuse me, I have a master's degree in English.
SPEAKER_2: And what are you laughing about?
You got a master's degree in English?
You might as well have done underwater basket weaving.
No, we're talking, this was 20 years ago.
This was when degrees were actually very good still.
SPEAKER_1: This was while the internet was being born at the same time.
SPEAKER_2: Oh boy, and what do you do
with your master's degree in English?
I'm a writer.
That makes a lot of sense.
Among other things.
Sure, does your master's degree in English
equip you to be an expert in things that are not English?
Absolutely, it does.
Like what?
Let me tell you how.
SPEAKER_1: I just asked you what.
SPEAKER_2: When you get, okay, that's because that's what you think
that's gonna answer your question or something.
Hadasa, I know how learning works.
SPEAKER_1: Excuse me.
Okay, okay, really?
Okay, well.
I'm just asking.
Let me tell you how.
What other fields of.
SPEAKER_2: When you're in the humanities,
and I tell you, when you get a degree in the.
So just cool your memories for a minute.
I'm just asking you what other fields of study
does getting a master's in English prepare you for?
SPEAKER_1: It prepares you for quite a bit.
Like what?
You learn how to express your ideas
and have a conversation like we're doing now.
I don't think we're having a conversation.
So I've been more skilled for many decades.
Oh, I know you don't because I am dominating you
with my pinky and it's uncomfortable for you.
SPEAKER_2: Again, you're just demonstrating
that you're falling into the Dunning-Kruger effect.
SPEAKER_1: This is not.
No, you're falling.
SPEAKER_2: Excuse me, did you know that I had a master's.
Hadassah, just remember that as a Christian,
you're supposed to be humble
and you're not being humble right now.
I'm waiting for the humility
because you're proving your claims to be false.
Imagine being a prophet of God.
SPEAKER_1: Does it look like that whip works on me, my dude?
It does.
SPEAKER_2: Hadassah, you know.
You can put that whip away.
SPEAKER_1: Hadassah. Put your whip away.
You know.
It doesn't work on me.
Did you know that I.
SPEAKER_2: I have a master's degree too.
I don't care.
You're the one being an asshole.
SPEAKER_1: Do you think that.
SPEAKER_2: And you're the one disrespecting believers.
SPEAKER_1: Disrespecting, for no reason.
SPEAKER_2: When we.
SPEAKER_1: We're having an opinion.
Hadassah.
You're using this platform to roast our.
SPEAKER_2: Hadassah, did I go to your house
or did you come to my house?
Where are we right now?
I came to your house.
Oh, okay.
So, okay.
So I'm in my house.
Okay, what?
So I'm in my house saying things in my own house.
Did I force you to be here?
This is a public platform and you know it.
But this is my stage, right?
SPEAKER_1: You're trying to draw audiences.
But this is a space that I.
So you drew me.
You drew me.
It worked, didn't it?
I'm drawn.
SPEAKER_2: Yeah, it did.
So this is a space that I made to say things
that I believe and have dialogue
about things that I believe.
Do you think that I should be entitled
to say things that I believe
in a space that I create for myself?
Sure.
Okay.
What does that have to do with me
having the tone that I have?
Because you're coming in here
and you're upset that I have an opinion about things
and I'm saying it in my.
SPEAKER_1: Yeah, because there's consequences.
SPEAKER_2: And I'm saying it in my space,
a space that I created so I could say these things.
I didn't come to you.
I didn't knock on your door.
I didn't come to your live stream.
You came to me.
So you can't come and complain.
Your God is.
You can't come and complain.
Your God is imaginary.
I'm saying things.
SPEAKER_1: Prove me wrong.
SPEAKER_2: That I'm saying things in a space
that I created for me specifically to say things.
Your God is imaginary.
Prove me wrong is what your room says.
Yeah, can you do it?
Probably not.
Oh, shit.
Sounds like you're in the wrong place then.
SPEAKER_1: It doesn't.
It'll never happen.
SPEAKER_2: That's why this room works for you.
That's why this room will never go.
SPEAKER_1: I expect the prophet of God to be able to prove me wrong.
SPEAKER_2: Every coming to a con...
What can God do?
It doesn't work that way.
SPEAKER_1: What can God do?
SPEAKER_2: It does not work that way.
What can God do?
SPEAKER_1: What can God do?
Yeah.
Anything.
SPEAKER_2: Like what?
SPEAKER_1: Anything!
SPEAKER_2: Say one thing he can do.
SPEAKER_1: It would take too long.
It's called anything.
To say one thing.
He can do anything.
What do you not conceive about that?
SPEAKER_2: Name one of the things that is in anything.
SPEAKER_1: What do you not conceive that is stupid?
I can do it.
I can say, listen.
It's too stupid.
SPEAKER_2: I can say, Doug can do anything,
but he can also wiggle his eyes.
See, the wiggling of the eyes is a subset of anything.
I'm looking for something that is a subset of anything.
It didn't take a long time.
What's one of the anything that God can do?
What in the magician's trick shit is that?
SPEAKER_1: What conversation are we having?
SPEAKER_2: I'm just asking you, what can God do?
SPEAKER_1: I'll let you pick.
Pick your optimum one.
What would you love for me?
I don't believe in your God.
What would you dream for me to say?
SPEAKER_2: I don't believe in your God.
I'm asking you.
No, tell me your dream response
that you think of in your head.
I'm asking you, do you believe
that your God is capable of doing things?
He's capable of doing anything.
Can you name even one of those things?
He can create the world.
Cool, what's the evidence of that?
SPEAKER_1: That the world is created.
SPEAKER_2: No, that's not evidence that he created it.
Yes, it fucking is.
No, it didn't.
Doug created it.
Yeah, it is.
What created it?
I just told you.
No, Doug did.
Doug.
You already saw him, Doug and his consort, Sharon Stone.
They're the rock of ages,
the firm foundation that you put your feet on.
They instantiate all possibilities
and hold the grounding of all logic.
They created everything.
Okay.
Not your God, your God's fake.
SPEAKER_1: Okay.
SPEAKER_2: So the evidence-
SPEAKER_1: Well, aren't we free to believe anything?
So what the hell are we doing?
SPEAKER_2: The evidence that Doug is God
is the fact that you exist, Hadassah.
Doug's merciful enough to allow you to blaspheme him.
Okay.
SPEAKER_1: I'm a prophet of Doug, by the way.
SPEAKER_2: I'm a prophet of Doug.
Doug sounds like, just like my guy.
SPEAKER_1: I think we're talking about the same guy.
SPEAKER_2: We're not.
So let's do-
I think we are.
We're gonna do a God competition.
I'm gonna pray to Doug,
and you're gonna pray to your God.
We're gonna see who wins.
So I'm gonna hold up.
I'm gonna hold something up.
I'm gonna hold on.
So I'm gonna hold up this pen,
and I'm gonna pray to Doug that the pen cap stays on.
You have to pray to your God that the pen cap comes off,
and we'll see who wins.
I have to?
Yeah, we're gonna see-
We're gonna see which God is more powerful.
Okay, but what if I don't want to do that?
Well, you're just admitting that your God has no powers.
No, I'm not admitting to that.
I don't want to subject him to that.
I think it's stupid.
But can your God do it?
I don't think you're an asshole.
I don't want you to do it.
SPEAKER_1: Again, it would-
Here's the thing.
It would convert-
Here's what you don't understand.
It would convert everybody here.
SPEAKER_2: Okay, well, you don't talk to enough Christians.
You don't talk-
Do you want to convert everybody here to Christianity?
Do you?
SPEAKER_1: No, I do not, and neither does God.
SPEAKER_2: Oh, so what do you want?
I want the gospel, the actual truth of the word,
to be preached so that people can know
what they're turning down.
Is the Bible true?
Yes, it is.
Oh, okay.
So in the Bible, when it says,
have nothing to do with stupid and senseless controversies,
you know that they breed corals,
but it sounds like you're doing the opposite of that.
SPEAKER_1: That doesn't make it not true.
What else dumb shit you got to say?
SPEAKER_2: You're literally doing it right now.
You're engaging in-
SPEAKER_1: It doesn't make it not true.
In stupid and senseless controversies.
SPEAKER_2: It's proving that it's correct.
Oh, you haven't proved anything correct.
What the fuck?
It says,
Are you correcting people with gentleness right now?
No.
So you don't believe in the word of God?
SPEAKER_1: I am not doing that very well right now.
SPEAKER_2: But it says you're supposed to.
It says,
The Lord's servant must not be coralsome,
but kindly to everybody.
But aren't you a prophet?
SPEAKER_1: It does say you're supposed to.
Yes, I am.
SPEAKER_2: Didn't you know this verse existed?
I do know that verse exists.
But you're not being very humble.
SPEAKER_1: Do you not know how to just,
it's like a family.
It's not this thing you conform to.
It's a guidebook, okay?
SPEAKER_2: The family, what are you talking about?
The family is a genetic group.
I'm trying to explain.
Had you ever been a Christian?
I was a Christian for 20 years.
That's why I know that Jesus isn't real.
SPEAKER_1: Oh, okay.
SPEAKER_2: So you're disgruntled.
That's what it is.
SPEAKER_1: No, I'm not disgruntled.
SPEAKER_2: Listen.
SPEAKER_1: No, you're the way you are.
No, I'm not.
You are.
You're disgruntled.
Yeah, you are.
No, I'm not.
SPEAKER_2: I think you're the problem.
SPEAKER_1: No, I'm not.
I think you are.
SPEAKER_2: No, I'm not.
Because everything was fine and now y'all are.
It's like she thinks that calling me a liar is a valid argument.
Listen, I had a delightful time in Christianity.
I know that it's not true because I studied the Bible professionally.
I went to Bible college and seminary.
And I know that Jesus didn't fulfill a single prophecy.
The Bible is full of contradictions.
It's full of scientific inaccuracies.
And it's 100% true.
Everything I said is true.
You want me to prove it for you?
I believe that you went to seminary.
It's a very common problem.
It happens to a lot of people in seminary.
Do you want me to prove my claims?
Prove your claim?
No, because I know what you're going to say.
I can prove it.
SPEAKER_1: And furthermore, people like you, people like you.
SPEAKER_2: OK, so you're saying I'm wrong, but you don't actually want me to prove my claim.
I don't think you actually know how debates work.
The way that debates work is typically like one person makes a claim.
Another person might make a counterclaim.
And then the different people debating need to actually provide like logic,
reason, evidence for their claims.
Now, as it turns out, my claims, I can back up.
Like I can go to the Bible.
I can show you where it contradicts itself.
I can go to the Bible.
I can show you where it says Jesus fulfilled prophecies that he never actually fulfilled.
I can back up my claims.
All I'm asking you is, would you like me to back up my claims?
Or are you afraid of me actually doing that and proving you're wrong?
If I surprisingly crumble every last one of your claims to dust,
SPEAKER_1: what are you going to do then?
Are you just going to mute me and cut me off?
SPEAKER_2: Not even close to worried about it.
SPEAKER_1: You're not worried about it.
I asked you what you're going to do because these people need to know.
SPEAKER_2: Because then you're going to gaslight them and say that some shit is going on.
It isn't going on.
You're not going to panic and mute me?
SPEAKER_1: No.
All right, go through your dumbass shit.
SPEAKER_2: Only if you continue to be rude and interrupt like you have been.
That's the only reason why you're getting muted.
SPEAKER_1: You know that, right?
Oh, OK.
You see what he's going to use?
SPEAKER_2: You see what he's going to use?
So just so you're aware, you're the reason you keep getting muted, not me.
You're getting muted because you're the one being rude.
You're the one over talking everybody.
You're the one that can't hold an adult conversation.
All you actually have to do is behave like an adult and I wouldn't mute you.
In fact, I don't want to mute you.
I would prefer to not mute you, but I can't do that because every time I talk, you talk,
which is why you keep getting muted and you're doing it right now.
You're still doing it as I'm explaining to you why you're getting muted.
You're doing the thing that I said is going to get you muted.
OK, OK.
So now I would love to take turns.
I have no problem taking turns.
The problem is I sense that you don't want to take turns talking.
Bro, I'm on the spectrum and you take in so much fucking time, bro.
SPEAKER_1: Just well, first of all, these claims that are so wonderful.
SPEAKER_2: Being on the spectrum doesn't have anything to do with your bad behavior.
My son is heavily.
Are you on the spectrum?
My son is on the spectrum and he doesn't behave like you.
And my son is a level three on the spectrum, which is as high as it goes.
OK, well, I was born in 80.
The problem isn't that you're on the spectrum.
The problem is that you're full of yourself and you can't actually behave like an adult.
That's why you're behaving the way that you behave.
I work with quite a few people that are on the spectrum because I'm an electrical engineer
and I work with a bunch of engineers.
And as it turns out, engineering people in engineering are quite likely quite often on
the spectrum.
So being on the spectrum doesn't mean that you have to be a piece of shit because the
people that I work with are delightful.
And I know for a fact that a couple of them are on the spectrum.
So would you like to first talk about how the Bible contains contradictions?
Is that an easy place to start?
Sure.
OK, is it your belief that the Bible contains contradictions?
Yes or no?
No.
OK, does the Bible even contain one contradiction?
OK, now, if I did show you a contradiction, this is a hypothetical.
If I did show you a contradiction, what would it mean?
I would probably be able to tell you how that's not a contradiction.
And then you would say some bullshit about how I'm wrong about that.
That wasn't my analogy.
My analogy said if I did show you a true contradiction, what would it mean?
OK, clearly I'm going to have to break out of your analogy if I'm going to show you
something you've never seen.
Nope, wrong again.
SPEAKER_1: OK, well, then I guess where you're not allowed to end your stream forever, I guess.
SPEAKER_2: So my analogy…
That makes sense.
My analogy includes the fact that I showed you a bona fide contradiction.
I'm saying if I did indeed show you a true contradiction, what would it mean about the Bible?
SPEAKER_1: First of all, you've got to look at every translation because translations are tricky.
SPEAKER_2: Oh, I'm sorry.
Do you know Greek and Hebrew?
I know my way around a translation.
That's another thing you learn with a master's in English.
You know research pretty good.
SPEAKER_1: You're doing a lot of writing, a lot of papers.
SPEAKER_2: Did you learn the original languages?
I learned many languages.
I understand how languages work.
Did you learn how to read Greek and Hebrew?
Do you know why they tell you to do that?
It's crazy that you can't actually say yes or no.
Answer the question.
Do you know Greek and Hebrew?
You know why I can't?
Because you have already established in your mind that that is the height…
All I want to know is if you can read the original languages that the Bible was written in
because that seems to be the most important thing.
If you think something's mistranslated,
what we should be doing is going back and seeing what was in the original language.
So I'm asking you, do you know the original languages?
SPEAKER_1: Everything I don't know can be found.
SPEAKER_2: Google Translate exists and also there's Bible apps.
I don't know why she can't answer a question.
All I asked was whether or not you know the original languages.
All you have to say is either yes or no.
I'll answer your question when you answer me if you're capable of free…
Wrong again.
I asked you a question already.
I'm not going to let you run from it.
It's an easy question.
The question is, do you actually know Greek and Hebrew?
Is this yes or no?
You're not going to let me run from it?
It's yes or no.
SPEAKER_1: It's an irrelevant question.
SPEAKER_2: It's yes or no.
It's irrelevant.
It's yes or no.
SPEAKER_1: It's okay.
SPEAKER_2: Do I know the Greek or Hebrew?
I know enough.
I study it quite a bit.
I know some words actually.
Okay.
So you know a couple words.
I can't have a hold of conversation.
SPEAKER_1: No, but I have studied the Greek and the Hebrew and it's look upable.
Do you know what?
For what sake?
Do you know what the thing is a concordance?
SPEAKER_2: Do you know what the heiress conjugation is in Greek?
The what?
The heiress conjugation.
SPEAKER_1: The heiress?
SPEAKER_2: Yeah.
Is that the verb to be?
No.
What is it?
It's a form of conjugation in Greek.
So you don't know Greek.
Cool.
All right.
An heiress conjugation.
No, no, no, no.
Excuse me.
SPEAKER_1: All conjugations are the same.
SPEAKER_2: No, they're not.
SPEAKER_1: All conjugation.
Yes, they are.
SPEAKER_2: You got a first person, second person, third person.
Wrong.
Yes, they are, bro.
SPEAKER_1: Yes, they are.
SPEAKER_2: You can act and you can look it up.
You're wrong.
You can look up.
No, I'm not wrong.
I have a degree.
I've studied.
You don't have a degree in Greek.
If you did, you would know that the heiress conjugation is a way of conjugating verbs
where the action of the verb happened in the past but is actually ongoing.
So it's a past tense verb that is still continuing, right?
That's an heiress verb in the Greek.
I asked you that because it's a very common way of forming verbs in Greek.
And I'm just curious if you actually know any Greek or if you just like learned a word once
and now you think you know Greek.
Learned a word once.
I just told you I have a degree in English.
All you're doing is describing.
But not in Greek, okay.
And you don't know any Hebrew either.
I'm not even going to ask you about Hebrew verbal stems.
It's a verb.
That'd be a complete waste.
Okay, so now let's talk about the actual contradiction.
So what I'd like you to do is open your Bible and go to 1 Chronicles 21.
Can you do that?
He doing some illusionist bullshit on y'all.
Yeah, because you're a liar.
Just go ahead and turn to 1 Chronicles 21.
SPEAKER_1: And the only people that know are you and me.
SPEAKER_2: No, you don't know anything.
You're the Dunning-Kruger effect, remember?
Just turn to 1 Chronicles 21.
We'll actually get to the point.
SPEAKER_1: 1 Chronicles 21.
Oh yeah, like you understand anything about the Old Testament.
We'll be here for a while, I'm sure.
SPEAKER_2: I literally have two degrees in Biblical studies,
both of them focusing in the Hebrew scriptures.
SPEAKER_1: Like I said, like I said, like I said.
SPEAKER_2: So between the two of us, I would say one of us
is actually prepared to read the Old Testament.
SPEAKER_1: Between the two of us.
SPEAKER_2: So 1 Chronicles 21.
Are you there yet?
Let me know.
Yeah, you're right, Mason.
She's new here.
She don't know.
She's going to find out today.
Let me know when you get to about verse 11 in 1 Chronicles 21.
It's going to be a wild night.
I was going to go to bed at midnight, but I'm having so much fun.
I might stay on all night with Hadassah.
Zosia, did you find the verse yet?
Do you know where Chronicles is?
Or do you have to look at like the reference guide
at the beginning of the Bible?
Maybe God will give you a prophecy about how to find it.
She's probably still yelling.
She don't even know she muted right now.
You never did tell me from where in 1 Chronicles.
I did 21.
1 Chronicles what?
21 11.
1 Chronicles 21 11.
SPEAKER_1: Okay.
All right, who's reading it?
Am I reading or what?
SPEAKER_2: I'll read it for you.
In fact, I'll put it on the screen.
Okay.
It says Gad, that's the prophet.
It didn't say God.
The Gad came to David and said to him, let's say at the Lord, take your choice.
Three years of famine or three months of devastation by your foes while the
sword of your enemies overtakes you or three days of the sword of the Lord pestilence on the land.
So Gad is giving three options to David for a punishment.
And the first option is three years of famine.
The second option is three months of devastation.
And the third option is three days of pestilence.
Follow so far.
Yes.
Okay.
Now the parallel story, because this story is told twice, is going to be in the book of Samuel.
If you go to 2 Samuel 24, we get the identical same story, except something is different.
Let me see if you can find it in verse 12.
He says, go and say to David, thus say at the Lord, three things I offer you,
choose one of them, and I will do it to you.
Gad came to David and told him and he asked him, shall seven years of famine come to you
on your land or will you flee three months before your foes while they pursue you
or shall there be three days pestilence in your land?
Did you spot the difference?
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Where's the difference?
SPEAKER_1: The one says three and one says seven.
SPEAKER_2: Yeah.
Are those the same numbers?
No.
So then was it three or seven?
I don't know.
I have to do some further research on it.
Sounds to me like it's just a contradiction.
SPEAKER_1: It's a big ass book and all of it intersects.
SPEAKER_2: I know.
That's why I know it's a contradiction.
No, you don't know that it's a contradiction.
I do.
No, you don't.
I do because three and seven are different numbers.
SPEAKER_1: Oh my God.
Let's throw the whole fucking book out.
Oh, this is-
That's really responsible.
SPEAKER_2: This is literally just a tip of the iceberg.
You want to keep going?
Sure.
All right.
Today you're going to learn.
Mark chapter two.
I assume you know where Mark is.
SPEAKER_1: No, no, no.
Actually, yeah, you're right.
I am because when I come back and look at every last one of these
and end your fucking channel,
I'm going to fucking spit on your grave.
SPEAKER_2: Can't wait.
I literally cannot wait for you to come back and give me-
SPEAKER_1: I know that you can't wait.
I know that you can't wait.
SPEAKER_2: Give me your bad apologetics
because I already know all the apologetical answers for this.
SPEAKER_1: My bad apologetics, bro.
SPEAKER_2: I said I'm a prophet.
And they don't work here.
I said I'm a prophet.
Mark chapter two, verse 26.
SPEAKER_1: First one was, wait, first Chronicles 21, 11.
Okay.
This one is what?
SPEAKER_2: The other one was in second Samuel and-
Second Samuel.
Let's see.
What chapter were we in?
Second Samuel.
It was going to be chapter 24.
Maybe you can ask God for guidance.
SPEAKER_1: Isn't it-
SPEAKER_2: Exactly what I'm going to do.
It's interesting that I bet your research is going to be looking stuff up on the internet
and not getting revelation from God.
I'm willing to bet that.
But anyways, let's go to Mark chapter two.
SPEAKER_1: Okay, fine.
SPEAKER_2: Keep going.
Listen, you go and go to apologeticspress or gotquestions.org,
come back with the bad answer,
and I'll cook you on your bad answer just like I'm cooking you now.
So Mark chapter two-
SPEAKER_1: No, you're not going to cook me on shit.
Yeah, I will.
SPEAKER_2: Go to Mark-
You're going to get cooked.
In your dreams.
Go to Mark chapter two for me.
What?
Go to Mark chapter two.
No, you said second Samuel 24.
We're already done with it.
And then you didn't say anything else.
No.
What did we say?
It's already done.
Three and seven are different.
SPEAKER_1: No, that was first Chronicles 2111.
SPEAKER_2: Which is a contradiction of first Samuel 24.
Or second Samuel 24.
SPEAKER_1: Oh, those are addressing the same thing.
SPEAKER_2: It's the same story.
Two different authors, different details.
SPEAKER_1: Second Samuel 24.
Second Samuel 24.
He wasn't king in second Samuel.
SPEAKER_2: Yeah, he was.
Hold up.
Sure was.
Second Samuel 24.
SPEAKER_1: Literally the same chapter.
Let me just double check.
Did you just say it in any fucking way?
SPEAKER_2: Literally the same story.
SPEAKER_1: You could put those two chapters-
It says, David enrolls the fighting men.
Hold up.
SPEAKER_2: Put the two chapters side by side.
The same story.
SPEAKER_1: David enrolls the fighting men.
SPEAKER_2: You're right.
Freed, she was supposed to be smarter, right?
I expected better from a Christian being
that they're supposed to be smarter than an atheist.
This does not indicate smartness.
You're not getting me on that showy bullshit.
It seems to me like you're not very smart
if you don't know that these are the same chapters.
SPEAKER_1: You're not getting me smart.
This ginormous book.
SPEAKER_2: Three and seven is all you got.
Two numbers.
I got a lot more than that.
I got so much.
You got seven typos where it said comb instead of brush.
Nope, not even close.
I've got so much more if you can actually get the mental-
SPEAKER_1: The second one is just a shadow of the first one.
SPEAKER_2: If you can actually muster the mental fortitude
to keep forging on, you can see some more.
SPEAKER_1: Keep going.
SPEAKER_2: Okay.
Did you find Mark chapter two yet?
No, what is it?
Go ahead and turn to Mark chapter two.
SPEAKER_1: Mark chapter two, the whole chapter?
What the fuck?
Verse 26.
What's the verse?
SPEAKER_2: Verse 26.
2-26.
SPEAKER_1: Okay.
SPEAKER_2: Mark 2-26.
Now, Jesus is speaking here.
I don't want to say this is like, this is, this should be,
none of these should even count.
These are eyewitness accounts.
Do you think Mark was a disciple?
Mark wrote it.
SPEAKER_1: No, Mark wrote it on behalf of Peter.
SPEAKER_2: Oh, where's that in the Bible?
It's Peter's.
SPEAKER_1: That's known just like you pulled out that Barnabas shit.
That's not in the Bible.
SPEAKER_2: Yeah, Colossians chapter four.
Mark, would you read it for me?
SPEAKER_1: Colossians chapter four, what about it?
SPEAKER_2: Says that John Mark is the cousin of Barnabas.
You haven't read this book, have you?
SPEAKER_1: Okay, what does that have to do with anything?
SPEAKER_2: You have no idea what's in this book.
Listen, you don't have to perform for everybody.
SPEAKER_1: It's crazy to me.
SPEAKER_2: You don't have to perform everybody.
SPEAKER_1: All right.
SPEAKER_2: Mark was not, was writing on behalf of Peter.
Everybody knows that.
No, they don't.
That's Peter's.
SPEAKER_1: I disagree.
SPEAKER_2: That's Peter's point.
Of course everybody knows that.
Yes, they do.
I disagree.
Okay.
Well, they should because it's old news.
SPEAKER_1: It's not old news.
They only started changing that.
It's mythology.
SPEAKER_2: Nah, it's just mythology.
SPEAKER_1: No, it's not fucking mythology.
How old are you?
SPEAKER_2: It's mythology.
Mark chapter two.
How old are you?
I mean, if you want to read the book, we can read the book.
It sounds like you're afraid to read the book.
You know why it's mythology?
Because it's true, bro.
It sounds to be that you're afraid.
SPEAKER_1: Why would they lie about it?
SPEAKER_2: It sounds like you're afraid to read the book.
You want to read it?
I'm not afraid to read the book.
SPEAKER_1: It's on the-
I'm saying that-
SPEAKER_2: It's on the screen right now.
I know about what Mark is.
You don't.
Hadassah, read what's on the screen.
Yes, I do.
Read what's on the screen.
How he entered the house of God when Abiathar was high priest and ate the bread of the presence,
which is not lawful for any but the priest to eat.
SPEAKER_1: He gave some to his companions.
SPEAKER_2: Right.
And who's this about?
Do you know what's happening in Mark chapter two?
David.
Okay, right.
Now, do you believe that when David went into the temple or the shrine at Nob
and ate the showbread that Abiathar was the high priest?
Yeah.
Oh, really?
Okay.
Do you know where that story comes from?
Somewhere in Samuel.
Yeah, because I'm typing it on the screen.
First Samuel 21.
All right, so now-
No, I know where-
I've read my Bible.
Well, I'm sure.
You've demonstrated that so well to us.
I read it for funsies.
David came to Nob to the priest Ahimelech and Ahimelech came trembling to meet David
and said to him, why are you alone and no one with you?
And then what happens?
He has a whole conversation with Ahimelech and Ahimelech gives him the showbread.
He says, give me five loaves of bread and whatever is here.
I have no ordinary bread at hand, only the holy bread.
So who's the high priest here?
It says Ahimelech.
Oh, shit.
Is Ahimelech Abiathar?
I don't know.
No, no, they're not.
They're different people.
Okay.
That doesn't change the point of anything.
That means Mark chapter 2 verse 26 is wrong.
They quoted the Old Testament wrong.
That's another contradiction.
Want to see more?
SPEAKER_1: Okay.
The Jesus himself quoted the Old Testament wrong.
How about that then?
SPEAKER_2: I love it.
Matthew 22.
We'll do it right now.
We'll do Luke 4 and Matthew 22 and shit.
Well, there's even a passage in Matthew where he misquotes Psalm 8.
But my favorite is Matthew 22.
If you go down to verse 41, it says while the Pharisees were gathered together,
Jesus asked them this question.
What do you think of the Messiah?
Whose son is he?
They said to him, the son of David.
And he said to them, how is it then that David by the Spirit calls him Lord,
saying, the Lord said to my Lord, sit at my right hand until I put your enemies under your feet?
What is Jesus saying?
Why is he quoting Psalm 110 here?
Because he's asking who the Lord is in the sentence.
Right.
SPEAKER_1: But what's he saying?
And how can it be his son?
SPEAKER_2: What is he suggesting about the Messiah?
SPEAKER_1: He's suggesting that the label is not correct.
SPEAKER_2: He's suggesting that the Messiah is not just the son of David.
The Messiah is also on par with God.
Right?
SPEAKER_1: No, I don't think that's what that means.
I think that means that he is questioning the son of David moniker.
He's saying, why do we say, why are we saying this?
And the scripture says this.
SPEAKER_2: So they were calling him son of David.
So Jesus is making something very interesting here.
He's just saying, if David calls him Lord, how can he be his son?
He's just saying that the Messiah is going to be Lord, right?
Right.
Okay. So do you believe then that when Jesus is quoting this text,
like I should go back to Psalm 110 and I should see David saying,
the Lord said to my Lord, right?
Sure.
Have you read Psalm 110?
SPEAKER_1: A couple of times, probably, yeah.
SPEAKER_2: Interesting.
It's a big book.
I read it.
It's part of my life.
SPEAKER_1: So I don't have a stick up my ass.
I don't have a medal for how many hours I spent reading the Bible, like some people.
SPEAKER_2: Audifer, prophetess.
So Psalm 110 starts out with naum Yahweh, which means an oracle of Yahweh.
SPEAKER_1: It doesn't actually-
Oh, slandon.
SPEAKER_2: I don't think you actually know what I just said.
So it doesn't start out saying that the Lord said to my Lord.
It says naum Yahweh la adoni, which means an oracle of Yahweh to my master.
That's what that means.
This is clearly an oracle from somebody in King David's court about King David,
which is why he literally says,
Sit at my right hand until I make thy enemies my footstool.
The exact promise made to David that came true in 1 Kings chapter 5.
So this is not David even speaking.
That is somebody's interpretation.
No, it's not.
That's someone's interpretation.
If Jesus is using that-
Jesus is using-
Jesus himself is using that as reference to himself.
Do you know why he's wrong?
Oh, Jesus is wrong.
Oh, shit.
SPEAKER_1: Okay, you're that deluded.
SPEAKER_2: Do you want to know why he's wrong?
Why is he wrong?
Because he doesn't know how to read Hebrew,
or whoever wrote the Gospel of Matthew didn't know how to read Hebrew.
They're quoting it from the Greek.
Do you know what the Greek text says?
What does it say?
It says the Lord said to my Lord.
Do you want to know why it says that?
Why does it say that?
Because just like our English Bibles,
rather than saying the name of Yahweh,
quite often they would say the Lord instead of Yahweh
to protect the divine name.
So in the Greek text, it literally says,
ha-kiri-as, the Lord said to my Lord.
If you're reading that,
it sounds like it's talking about two different Lords.
But when you read it in the original Hebrew,
it's clear that there are not two Lords.
There is an oracle of Yahweh to a Lord, to the master.
Adonai just means my master.
It's what they called the king.
Adonai is the name of God.
It's plural.
It doesn't say Adonai and Adonai is not plural.
Well, what does it say then?
It says Adonai.
Adonai is a different vowel pointing.
Okay, so I don't agree with your interpretation.
That's just an interpretation.
Well, then show me where it's wrong.
First of all, first of all, okay, listen.
SPEAKER_1: Listen, listen.
So first of all, did you know that...
Like I said.
SPEAKER_2: Did you know that...
Are we going to have an actual conversation?
Not if you keep talking.
SPEAKER_1: Because I don't think you're capable of that.
SPEAKER_2: I don't think you're capable of that.
Does the word...
You got me going down your funnel.
You got me going down your weird-ass funnel,
thinking this is important.
SPEAKER_1: What does...
SPEAKER_2: None of this change...
We'll just try this again.
Does the word is that a verb or noun?
Do you know?
What is what?
Is it a verb or noun?
Is what a verb or a noun?
The word I have highlighted, is that a verb or noun?
What does it mean?
I'm asking you.
Is it a verb or a noun?
I don't know what the inter...
What the translation of the word is, so I wouldn't know.
Okay, it's a noun.
It's not actually a verb.
It doesn't say that Yahweh said anything.
It just says an oracle of Yahweh.
Do you know that Bible apps have Hebrew on them?
SPEAKER_1: I know.
SPEAKER_2: I would click on it right...
Which is why I like went to school to learn Hebrew.
So like I wouldn't have to do dumb things like use websites.
SPEAKER_1: So, Naum...
You went to school to learn something that you can just look up on an app.
I know, yeah.
Congrats, bro.
SPEAKER_2: I know.
You went to learn English.
You went to learn something that I learned as a fifth grader.
That's what you did.
I went to school and I actually learned the original languages and history of the Bible.
You're arrogant.
Okay.
I'm not arrogant.
I'm just right.
The fact of the matter is, Naum wasn't a verb.
It's actually a noun, right?
SPEAKER_1: Nothing.
All you're saying is gobbledygook, bro, and I know it.
SPEAKER_2: It's not gobbledygook.
Yes, it is.
It doesn't prove...
Do you think that verbs and nouns are the same?
SPEAKER_1: Are you an asshole and a cocksucker?
SPEAKER_2: It sounds to me like you're incapable of answering the question.
Do you think that verbs and nouns are the same?
Do you think that your arrogant act is fooling any fucking body?
It sounds to me like you're feeling a little hot under the collar and you're incapable
of engaging with the dialogue, which is why you're crashing out like a toddler.
So the question was, do you think that verbs and nouns mean the same thing?
If in fact, this is a noun, it doesn't say that God spoke.
It doesn't say that Yahweh spoke.
It actually is announcing something.
So the question is, what is it announcing?
They don't need these stupid ass arguments.
You've got real power.
Oh shit, what power do you have?
Show me your power.
SPEAKER_1: You're an asshole.
Show me the power.
SPEAKER_2: I got the power to see through your bullshit and know that it has nothing to do with the truth.
SPEAKER_1: The people are thirsty for someone who's going to give them something real.
It sounds like you're incapable of doing that.
SPEAKER_2: You copied.
SPEAKER_1: All you did was copy the pharisaical Christian model, make it secular.
I'm not impressed.
SPEAKER_2: It's retarded and the Lord's coming for it.
SPEAKER_1: The prophet Hadassah is debuting today because it's Easter, Passover, and 420.
What's good?
If you hear in my voice and it's 420, smoke your shit.
Find the Lord because he out there calling the Lord.
SPEAKER_2: I'm talking about Jesus.
Sounds to me like you're out there.
And I don't know if you know how this platform works, but this platform
is certainly not a place where you get to preach.
So the question is whether or not you want to engage in some dialogue.
I'm more than happy to engage in some dialogue.
SPEAKER_1: Cut out the middle, man.
Go find the Lord.
Go find Jesus.
I'm going to.
That's what a Christian.
What's good?
The Lord is good.
He loves you.
Fuck the sky.
That's all she got.
He's a liar.
SPEAKER_2: That's all she got.
SPEAKER_1: He's got pride.
Praise.
Pride.
SPEAKER_2: Praise Jebus.
SPEAKER_1: Pride is what caused this whole thing.
SPEAKER_2: Let me know when you're done.
I'll call your mama and have her come change your diapy.
SPEAKER_1: Pride is what caused this whole thing.
That's why.
SPEAKER_2: I mean, at least she was fun.
I mean, we'll give her that.
She was fun, at least.